Good wine and food are ruined
Be content, brat
If it weren't for Geng Chen coming quickly
You have long been stolen by the snake god Ra
You will be alarmist
Langlang Qiankun
Come out and let me see one.
What's so good about Li Mingjia?
Who is calling me? Come out
It's me, what can you do?
If Gongcheng hadn't stopped me, I would have strangled you to death long ago
Help him, he is evil
He still lives
Yufei, don't work for Bai Mingchuan
If I don't kill the Li Ming family
Bai Mingchuan won't kill you, is there a way?
Get in the car and pay the old evil tax
Play a game
Bai Mingchuan
They're good at using strength and resentment in people.
Anyone who gets in the car will be controlled by him
Shiraigawa is a game to the sea
My old lunatic has some abilities too?
I'll go with you
You go and tell Shiraigawa
The soul has been found
Depart on time at midnight tomorrow night